hey everyone so today I have something
different I have a little birthday haul
of something I like more than make up
which is nerdy things I'm not wearing
makeup today either because I just got
home for doing errands but anyway today
I hid a Pokemon Center online birthday
hall and I'm just really excited right
now because I just like got this today I
just got the mail today and things are a
lot better than I expected them to be
I will just start now well okay I guess
first things first
um my birthday was in July but I didn't
get anything because I didn't think
there would be anything that I liked but
then I found out that the months that
are online this like opening in August
so yeah that happened and yes I just did
turn 24 and you can say whatever you
want about me being too bold for Pokemon
and stuff like that I don't give a
because it's not like I haven't heard
that from my family and you know people
I know for so whatever okay into the
hall now I got little horns I love
collecting charms keychains stuff like
that and I got the little fennekin
braixen and delphox charms are here
hopefully you can see this we have
they're really cute what that's what
they look like they're really cute and
on the back they have like their pokedex
number and the next one next one's I got
where the legendary second
I got their newest right here
a belt hall and zygarde and yeah I have
this little charm just because I like
collecting them and then I just want to
other things and they are like my
favorite things right now I'm like
spoiling so I got a plush hopefully this
would be and like the frame it's kind of
big and the first one I got was their
knee a set here see how big this is
compared to myself and this is
considered a large size this one was
like 32 yes very pretty very pretty
xerneas right here we've got the little
tag says polka plush large and this
couple amongst everything on it and yeah
almost 39 this last thing I got is so
freakin amazing like I'm really really
pleased with it I wasn't expecting it to
be this good but anyway it is this giant
Finny kid and this is concerned a
trainer size which is like I can't get
over how cute it is like look look the
biggest plush I have besides my trigger
pull a bad thing but yeah I love it
well it's got like the little tag to see
it it's really like well made and it's
heavy which is something you don't see
with a lot of plushies like usually
they're really floppy and awkward but
this one his ear stay back pretty good
but yeah
that's a weird okay so that was my
Pokemon Center online hall and I'm
really pleased with what I got the
charms are really really um like thick
with enamel on them they're not like the
really flimsy metal kind that could like
snap a break in half or whatever but
yeah I really like those and I'm really
like my serious and my panicking
plushies obviously and yeah I'm really
pleased with my football Center online
purchase like I said and I'm just hoping
that they add like a bunch more plushies
of Pokemon from previous generations
like I would love to have a giant
Togekiss and like a giant growlithe and
arcanine because I'm a fire baby and my
cat is opening my hallway door hi